Feature: OPA Entity Checker Catalog Processor Module - validate all entities always (#248)
Parsifal-M/backstage-opa-plugins: plugins/catalog-backend-module-opa-entity-checker-processor/README.md

# Backstage OPA Backend Module Entity Processor

> When it comes to validating entries the Backend and Frontend plugins are great combo to bring validation errors to the user. However, this doesn't allow you to have the big picture of hom many entities in your catalog have fail the validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the [OPA Entity Checker](https://github.com/Parsifal-M/backstage-opa-plugins/tree/main/plugins/backstage-opa-entity-checker#opa-entity-checker) is a great way to display and help your Backstage users know when their entity metadata is incorrect, however by using this processor it will allow you to create a better overview of entities that have validation errors by adding the annotation to them
```

> Then you can search entities by annotation using the API and get a list of all the entities that fails the validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows you to, for example query the Backstage API for entities that have failed the policy validation
```

```http request
GET http://localhost:7007/api/catalog/entities/by-query?filter=metadata.annotations.open-policy-agent/entity-checker-violations-status=error
Content-Type: 'application/json'
Authorization: Bearer {{BACKSTAGE_TOKEN}}
```

> ## Why annotation and Not Status updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why an annotation and not a status?
```

> Editing errors leads to new entities not to be process, which is not always what we want, some "warning" are acceptable and we do not want to break processing and add additional errors message since we already provide frontend plugin to display those error message in a nicer and mor compact way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When errors are edited, it can result in new entities not being processed. This is not always desirable as some warnings are acceptable and we do not want to disrupt processing or add additional error messages. We already provide a frontend plugin to display these error messages in a more user-friendly and compact way.
```

> Unfortunate, adding status that is not of the Error type is not supported yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, currently only `error` statuses are supported by Backstage.
```

Is this what we want to say here? I think thats correct?

> > The mechanics for how to emit custom statuses is not in place yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Its currently not possible to emit custom statuses in Backstage.
```

> https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-catalog/extending-the-model/#adding-a-new-status-item-type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more in the Backstage documentation regarding this [here](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-catalog/extending-the-model/#adding-a-new-status-item-type)
```

> ## Further work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What's Next?
```

I love this! Good to think ahead! I also have some ideas... 💭

> - Use the notification backend to notify owner of errors or warning on entities https://backstage.io/docs/notifications/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the [notification backend](https://backstage.io/docs/notifications/) to notify owner(s) of errors or warning on entities 
```

@drodil will like this 😄

> - Provide an analytics panel that can be added to a group to list their entities that failed validation

Reviewer: I had an idea here the other day while chatting to a colleague about this, what if we made a custom catalog filter specifically for this? So you could filter the catalog and return `error`, `warning`, or `info`'d entities?

Can see more here about it [here](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-catalog/catalog-customization/#custom-filters)

Author: I didn't know that was possible; good catch. It is definitely better than my `curl` requesting to get the info. I'll probably look into it once the processor is in place, it should probably be part of the frontend plugin as a new component
